<div style="width: fit-content; margin: 0px auto;text-align: center">
<h1> Week 6 Agenda </h1>
<table>
<tr> 
    <th style="padding: 15px"> Date:</th>
    <td> 19/03/2024</td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <th style="padding: 15px"> Time:</th>
    <td> 13:45-14:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <th style="padding: 15px"> Location:</th>
    <td> DW PC1 Cubicle 13 </td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <th style="padding: 15px"> Chair:</th>
    <td> Manu Looy</td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <th style="padding: 15px"> Minute Taker:</th>
    <td>Adrian Slics</td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <th style="padding: 15px"> Attendees:</th>
    <td>Adrian Slics, Federico Lentini, Manu Looij, Parham Bateni, Teodor Damyanov, Yan Olerinskiy</td>
</tr>
</table>
</div>

---

## Agenda Items:

- Opening by chair and check in: How is everyone doing (1 min)
- Reviewing the agenda and approval of the agenda: Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Demo Presentation to TA & recap of previous week (3 min)
- Feedback session by TA/ ask questions (3 min)
- Discuss per person what progress was made (5 min)
- Talking Points: (25 min)
    - Discuss the project timeline and update the planning (10 min)
        - Are there delays and how do we deal with them (5 min)
        - What tasks need to be done next week (5 min)
    - Share thoughts on the upcomming tasks (15 min)
        - Which tasks are we doing first (5 min)
            - Language change feature W6
            - Email notification W6/7
            - Open debts feature W6/7
        - Discuss the user stories (10 min)
            - Any uncertinties?
            - Create action points/ issues
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)

# Questions for the TA

- Anything to add to feedback given on week 4?

## Minute Taker Notes

Some additions from the TA:

- We should consider the feedback given from formative assessments. 
- Additionally, we should look at all the rubrics we are graded on.
- Individually team members should notify the TA on whether someone isn't available of specific dates of the final presentation.


### Talking point 1) - Discussing project timeline

- Most GitLab milestones of basic requirements are close to completion. 
- Remaining basic requirements are set to be completed on Friday.
- Participant removal feature will be added by Yan.
- Technologies of web sockets on the server-side will be finished by Adrian in collaboration with Theodor by Wednesday.
- Language configuration will be assessed by Parham to finish the milestone.
- General issues on Week 6 and 7 will be added by Federico.

### Talking point 2) - Language change feature

- UI of the language configuration is implemented. 
- Ways of Language configuration is discussed, by file or API, implementation is up for Parham.
- Issues on this matter should be completed by the end of the week.

### Talking point 3) - Open Debts feature
- A general team deadline on this feature is set for Week 7, in addition with issues on email notifications and addition services.
- Debt calculation methods are set to be implemented by Yan.
- Adrians will add issues on debt features.
- TA will provide information on email sending to participants
### Talking point 4) - Discuss user stories
- For formally discussed features user stories will be divided into actionable tasks. For further milestones - general issues. 
- Additional features for missing issues will be added

### Question round

- When merging, first the main branch should be merged into the feature branch (main->feature), then the feature-main back into main (feature-main->main) to resolve conflicts locally.

